to do:

o Make Raif mention that he was on the same channel with her as she died and her last words were with him when she died
o Chmod gives wallet to Raif 
	- interact with doorman, Chmod pipes up, gives wallet
	- look at door after doorman arrives, Chmod pipes up, gives wallet
	- conversations (add "I lost my wallet")
	- inventory ("I lost my wallet")

o Make status line reflect his cash on card 
	-- Chmod saying it's a mod
o Put in the guy behind glass selling membership
o Give that guy a long custom title
o buy membership
o go north into corridor
o stop from going south of course



o coat check (demonstrate buying things, buy a night membership, have chmod waved through)
o sit them down



done:
added red keycard
o let them in (have doorman show up after speaking to chmod)
o have Raif give the doorman the red keycard




Gameplay: 

o Shopping
o Combat, based on weapon, but not randomized. 
o Conversation
o Punching Mugabe flashback to show that not all pantomimes get produced correctly 


Quotes:
"set permissions to 777 you frigid heap."

Environment:

o Phobos

o Pantomimes, of course
o Holo custom titles
o 


Puzzles:

Something is moveable or accessible with the gravity turned off. 
Getting the Sun to produce a solar flare or intense brightness to ward off an enemy



!! add in the brochure for raif's mods

o sexual pleasure mod
o fingernail biting prevention mod
o lisp compiler, mental
o a numbers receiver. Numbers are given out, something lengthy, and theyr epeat. 
   the numebrs are the ascii representatives of words turned backwards.
o E-mail
o Heartbeat detection for lying 
o Current mission 
o Moon phases
o Phone &  Phone numbers





PANTOMIME

by Robb Sherwin

Raif 
Original Girl: Scarlett 
First Copy (she dies) \IScarlett\i
Second Copy Scarlett in italics and bold
Benjor, Raif's friend who is insane
The Sun 


Nobody is left on Phobos. The acceleration has increased and it's going to crash into Mars.

Taft and Scarlett are killed and Raif wants to find out why, it matters to him even though the people left on 
Phobos are committing crime or trying to get off the planet any way they can.


o Murder goes on
o Raif is stunned for a bit, but he goes back to the scene of the crime
o A detective gives him some money to go shopping with for mods
o Back to Kangaroo's, but the office of the owner. 
	To interview the owner about Taft
	It is revealed that his business partner is dead, and his eyes have been gouged out of his face
	Readhead stripper has a clue for Raif, later 
	Raif wants to talk to the owner's wife 

o Alleys, as Raif heads towards the apartment complex. He is shot at here. 
   Guns are illegal due to the fact that they might rupture the air bubble.

o Apartment complex, where the wife of the business owner lives 
	She didn't want the pantomime, hardly ever saw him around
	She was fucking a kid from the record store 


The stuff below is good. Try to flesh out some uses for body mods. It can be software and hardware. 
The thing about body parts -- try to tie it into being an ubermensch or creating the ultimate pantomime,
maybe pantomimes are illegal on Earth so he did it there. 
























-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Scene list
o Kangaroo's Strip Club 
	Taft and Scarlett clone die

o Raif's desk 
	He takes the case for Taft
	Scarlett clone doesn't get one because she's a mime

o Back to Kangaroo's, but the office of the owner. 
	To interview the owner about Taft
	It is revealed that his business partner is dead, and his eyes have been gouged out of his face
	Readhead stripper has a clue for Raif, later 
	Raif wants to talk to the owner's wife 

o (Flashback) Raif is getting Scarlett's signature and fingerpint to authorize the second clone

o Alleys, as Raif heads towards the apartment complex. He is shot at here. 

o Apartment complex, where the wife of the business owner lives 
	She didn't want the pantomime, hardly ever saw him around
	She was fucking a kid from the record store 

o (Flashback) Raif sees the first Scarlett clone step out of the cloning vat

o The record store, where the kid works.
	He was having sex with the owner's wife, as well as a couple strippers
	But not the one trying to contact Raif 

o The bar that the redheaded stripper wanted to contact Raif at
	Some clue for Raif here 
	She mentions that she thought she saw him earlier 
	She mentions the parts about Scarlett doing camshows and calendars and things were always too warm for her when she was completely naked 
	
o (Flashback)

o Back to the office at Kangaroo's
	Raif can look around his desk for clues -- sees the folder with photos of famous body parts
	Raif is now kidnapped and beaten
	Tape is shown of the things Scarlett used to do, while Raif has to watch
	He is beaten. His lack of any outstanding parts is mentioned. 
	He is given a serum that will activate when the sun hits, killing him (reference this)
	Taft's excursion from the morgue is mentioned 

o Back Alley
	The conversation with the Sun, who spares him 

o Morgue
	The owner will fight Raif there and lose quickly.
	\IRaif\i was double-crossed and almost dissected
	\IRaif\i gives off a speech...

o (Final Flashback)

o Raif's apartment
	The gun is ready to be loaded.
	Raif wonders if it's fate that he will disappoint Scarlett again
	\B\IScarlett\b\i emerges before it can happen, however, and states that it's far too cold without him and is
	he coming to bed?
	And maybe things can be different after all. 








=-=-=-=-=-
o Years into the future, there exist clones. There are legitimate clones and those of a more illicit nature. 

o Raif is trying to arrest a clone that escaped from jail. The clone was grown to take the place of a person who killed 
  a business associate: the clone knows it. A whore was there as a witness, she could witness that the original killer's
  penis was scarred. 

o Raif corners the clone who has tracked down his real-life counterpart and torn off his penis. The player can let the
  clone go or arrest the clone, in which case the clone will kill itself

o Raif is being chased by his own pantomime, who reveals all these horrible things about Scarlett. 
  = Scarlett became a camwhore
  = Scarlett would do sex shows
  = Scarlett did adult calendars and was on TV 
  = Scarlett, of course, got herself through a difficult time before she even met Raif and put it all behind her

  = It's Scarlett that Raif is in love with, not her pantomime, but he eventually realizes his mistakes and can at least now
    love \IScarlett\i properly by the end. 

o Raif and his girl are at a bar. A guy that the girl dated after the clone splitting comes up to her. Raif just snaps,
and the girl doesn't know why because she has never met him


o Raif is waiting for his girl to get restored from the cloning process. She comes out, dressed and he says "my darling!"


o Raif attempts to get the signature of the original girl so that he can make the second copy


o Raif was in a bar with the first copy and she was killed. They were arguing, however -- it wasn't going well. 


o The very last scene, the second copy awakes as he is brooding by himself ready to end it all. The gun needs to be
  loaded, the taunts can continue, he can no longer live within this pantomime of existence...

  ... and she enters the bathroom as he's gathering the bullets. She says, "Are you coming to bed soon? It's too cold without you."

  (Make it so that she has been complaining of the warmth the entire game.) 
=-=-=-=-=-

Characters...

Raif: our protagonist
Scarlett: the original.
Scarlett#2: the first clone. Gets killed quickly in gametime.
Scarlett#3: the one he ultimately corrects his mistakes with.

The Sun: Raif finally speaks to the sun after hinting that he would like to speak to it.

Game plot:

FIRST SCENE


Start at a point in the future. Real quick little snippet.

Raif and Scarlett#2 are at a nightclub.  Scarlett speaks with some yellow words, giving Raif
a chance to ask about and tell about those topics.

In the background, someone is having trouble getting through the ID scanner.

The person is decked out in a costume, but that's not unusual due to the venue. Everyone is wearing Presidential Masks because it's President's Day.

The person finally touches the screen and it goes off and he's shocked that his fingerprints didn't work: he's a pantomime.

The person fires off a shot at Taft -- who was the real Taft, only pantomimed. Everyone freaks out and another shot is heard.

The descriptions that Raif provides are of Taft. The violence. Everything but Scarlett.#2 

Scarlett#2 was shot dead with the second shot. 

=-=-=-=-=-

OPEN GAMING

Raif can go to other places, but needs to go to the strip clubs where the act was commited in order to talk to the murderer. 

Raif is back to his desk after eight months off. He went a little mad there for a while. He's brought back \I\BScarlett\b\i but the game
doesn't acknowledge that yet. 

A new case appears in his in basket. He's got a mobile unit, and there aren't any wires anywhere within his futurisitic detective's office. He
handles anomolies commited by pantomimes, so of course it went to him.

Benjor is a private detective and had a stake in this as well. His friend wears a costume with the unhappy face on it all over it, and
a top hat  and eyepatch with the same. 

A pantomime is suspected of murdering a business associate of a gambling den on the other side of town. The guy who did it's alibi is that he grew
the clone for his wife to play with while he was away at work trying to make a successful business. 

Raif and his friend interview the guy at the store, who certainly seems to be a little distraught at his business partner's death. He's awful quick
to finger his clone for this one. 

Benjor gets a little tired of listening to him lie, however, and presses the issue trying to get the guy to crack. 

Raif or Benjor will get some special attention from a stripper as they leave, and a great clue can be grabbed here if they talk to her. 

=-=-=-=-=-

SECOND SCENE

Raif is waiting for \I\BScarlett\i\b to arrive from the cloning procedure. 

They are verifying that he got the correct information from the original. When in fact he stole the finger print and signature from her. 

\B\IScarlett\i\b arrives and she is young and beautiful and they are together again and he exclaims "My darling!" She is confused, but okay.

He has her back, again, and promises to himself that he'll never lose her again. 


=-=-=-=-=-

OPEN GAMING

The businessman's wife can be interrogated. She says that she thinks Raif looks familiar. This is because Raif's clone was skulking neaby, but
it's not revealed. 

Nearby neighbors can be talked to and asked if they heard anything like a gunshot the night before. Allowing the player to traverse the apartment building to 
see if anyone is home.  (If this is done,  some facts of the case there ought to be revealed for the looking.)

It would be nice if the player could play chess against a blind man. in a store where you can't buy anything.

The wife had little interest in her husband sexually. Clues around her apartment indicate that she was, in fact, having an affair with a kid stocking a store which 
can be entered at any time.

=-=-=-=-=-=-

THIRD SCENE

Raif is in front of Scarlett's door.

He has on a glove that can take reverse impressions of people's fingerprints.  He has the permission forms for the release of a new clone
from old genetic material. 

He knocks, and Scarlett finally answers. Very pissed off. "It's been four years. You need to go away!" She mentions that she knows he already
grew one clone and that was too much and she regretted it and how did she die, anyway?

Her outgoing mail is there, with plenty of things that have her signature on it. 

Raif should shake her hand or touch her or something and steal a piece of her mail so he has her fingerprint and signature for
the permission forms. 

=-=-=-=-=-=-

OPEN GAMING

The kid stocking the store has an apartment and goes to work late. So either way, he should be in one of those locales.

Raif is attacked on his way to the kid! One shot rings through an alley. The killer can be chased for a bit. Follow
into a store or a club or something?

Benjor calls him up at that point, and the choice is there for Raif to tell him what happened. 

The kid is at the store and admits that he was fucking the old girl's brains in quite regularly.  He luridly gives
details. He never recalled seeing a pantomime.


Main plot:

o It is made known that Taft is exhumed and his body is at the morgue. 
o The mime is found and didn't kill anyone. He kills himself due to his hatred for being a mime. 
o The search is on for the businessman.
o The stripper calls Raif and is found dead upon return, along with two of her friends. 
o The club has various photos kicking about of people with large body parts. 
o The businessman has fancied himself a hodge-podge monster, picking up cloned parts. Schwartzenegger's biceps. Jim Brown's thighs. 
   Johnny Bench's hands. Peter North's cock. Etc.
o This is why the hand prints for strangulation do not match: not his hands.
o He will be at the morgue trying to obtain Taft's heart. 
o The business man will crush Raif when spied upon, and many things are revealed. Raif knows it all.
o Raif barely escapes when thrown through a window, and hides until morn. 
o Raif wakes up and speaks with the sun. 
o Benjor calls and Raif tells him about the businessman. 
o The sun convinces him that the guy will go after Raif next.
o Which leads to... 

Secondary Plot

o Raif's clone killed Taft
o Raif's clone stalks him and tries to shoot him from a distance occasionally
o Raif's clone killed \IScarlett\i
o Raif's clone didn't know how to cope, it was grown accidently as a mistaken req and dumped and left to die, only it didn't.
o Raif's clone explains that it has no soul, that its maker is no God that it never even got the chance to make the decision of faith or have the 
   smug arrogance in knowing it evolved naturally. It has its answers and can't exist like that. It is going to kill the real Scarlett next and any 
   and all descended clones.
 o Raif has to take down his clone, which shouldn't be hard.
 o Benjor drops by with the businessman's head. He had tried to transplant his own heart and failed miserably, slicing himself all apart. 

Real Plot

o Raif and Scarlett are talking, and Scarlett reveals that Raif doesn't know how to love, that he becomes too obsessed, that he is too angry.
o Scarlett would lovingly allow Raif to grow a clone, but can't be with him. There isn't "some other guy."
o She says, "My darling!" the first time (\IScarlett\i)
o Things went well for Raif and \IScarlett\i, but he never really fixed his obsessions or his anger.
o They were aruging for the nth time when she was killed.
o He just wants one last try with this girl, one last resurrection.
o He faked it, but got it and she came out of the tube and he says "My darling!"
o He fills her in on everything that happened.

The last scene

o She asks him to turn up the heat, as it's too cold in the bed without him. 
  
















Things for his mobile unit: 



















